Thredds: authenticate with twitcher verify instead of going through twitcher's proxy (#740)
bird-house/birdhouse-deploy: CHANGES.md

[Unreleased](https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/tree/master) (latest)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Changes

- Thredds: authenticate with twitcher verify instead of going through twitcher's proxy

  The Thredds endpoints go through Twitcher's proxy (`twitcher/ows/proxy` by default) which adds some overhead
  to the requests. In order to avoid this and increase efficiency, Twitcher endpoints now authenticate with the
  Twitcher verify endpoint (`twitcher/ows/verify` by default) and then access the thredds service directly.

  **Deprecations**

  Note that some older scripts and notebooks were prone to accessing Thredds directly through Twitcher itself
  (e.g. `twitcher/ows/proxy/thredds/...`). In order to continue supporting these requests this change adds an
  Nginx rewrite rule to permanently redirect to the equivalent `thredds/...` endpoint. However, accessing Thredds

>   through the Twitcher proxy directly is now considered deprecated and support for this will be dropped in a later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  through the Twitcher proxy directly is allowed to avoid breaking older projects using the older link (ensure reproducible science)
```

Can not be dropped.  We have a tons of notebooks hardcoding the old path.

Also these notebooks could have been copied by our numerous users as a starting point for their older projects so we absolutely do not want to break their older finished project to not go against "reproducible science".

  to the requests. In order to avoid this and increase efficiency, Twitcher endpoints now authenticate with the
  Twitcher verify endpoint (`twitcher/ows/verify` by default) and then access the thredds service directly.

  **Deprecations**

  Note that some older scripts and notebooks were prone to accessing Thredds directly through Twitcher itself
  (e.g. `twitcher/ows/proxy/thredds/...`). In order to continue supporting these requests this change adds an
  Nginx rewrite rule to permanently redirect to the equivalent `thredds/...` endpoint. However, accessing Thredds

>   through the Twitcher proxy directly is allowed to avoid breaking older projects using the older link (ensure reproducible science)

Reviewer: I'd like to keep the mention of "reproducible science"?  That's the real reason we want to keep the redirect.  Why remove this part?  If you don't want this here, leave that justification with the proxy conf?
